
Main Characters
 :He was summoned into this world by the elves to be used as slave. However, his role changed after he became the first "human" to wield the Elf King's sword. He travels the world to find his purpose. He's stoic, cynical, and absurdly blunt, he's basically a tsundere.
 :She is a server at one of the local pubs in (city name). After her boss told her to follow (main character), she decided to tag along with him. She is a cat-girl, part of the demi-human race. She's really knowledgable, kind of a know-it-all.
 :He is a package deliverer in his village. However, after being exiled out for helping an outsider, he decided to tag along with the group. He is a low-fairy (their wings are smaller than most fairies, but they are much faster than most fairies), part of the fairy race. He's very shy and has an inferiority complex.
 :She is a traveling merchant. She goes city to city peddling fortunes, however she's a demon, so most of the fortunes she gives are either false or bad luck. After making a pact with (main character) she decides to tag along with the group. She's a hybrid; half demon and half dark elf (she has complete mastery in dark magic). She's very selfish and sometimes stubborn.
 :She is the first daughter of Head Elder of the Elf Kingdom. She confinced her father and her people that (main character) was chosen by the sword for a reason and needed to stay alive. She formed a group of elves who aren't prejudice towards other races. She believes that (main character)'s goal is to reunite all the races as they once were. She stays in the Elf Kingdom due to a spell placed by her father. She's a high elf (strongest amongst the other elves), part of the Elf race. She's is everything expected of a noble but, sometimes she can be a little transparent.

Secondary Characters
Elder : He is the Head Elder of the Elf Kingdom. He's a high elf, he is known as the strongest elf in current time.
He is extremely gifted in all magics except dark magic, he was the youngest elf to become Head Elder in history. He has hates all beings except elves. 
King Rorrick: He is the King of the Beastmen (demi-humans). He's a Wolfman, the strongest species of beastmen. He's known as the strongest demi-human of current time. He is well loved by all demi-humans. He is the Leader of the Beastmen council, also the Leader the Wolfman Clan.
King Zellious: He is the King of the Humans, also the ruler the (empire name) Empire. He's human/wizard (human that learned magic). He's known as the strongest human of current time. King Zellious has mastered swordsmanship, white magic, and time magic. He lead the humans in the Great Migrate, to escape slavery from the elves. He uses magic to stop him from aging.
King Crinkle: He is the King of the Fairies. He's a King Fairy, the strongest species of fairies. He's known as the strongest fairy of current time. Most of the fairies don't have any idea where or who he is. Crinkle disappeared thousands of years ago. They know he's still alive because of the Fairy King's Forest is still flourishing.
King Yailaoth: He is the King of the Demons, also ruler of the Demon Realm. He's a God Slayer, the highest level of demons. The demons ranked their strength on a level system, the highest being God Slayer. Those that reach the God Slayer level must fight to become the Ruler of the Demon Realm. He's is known to be the strongest and longest seated Demon King in current time. All demons fear him, he has killed thousands of humans, demi-humans, elves, and demons alike. He's depises all races but demons, however he enjoys toying with the inner tormoil amongst the races.

Sir Leaph III: He is the Head Knight of the Elf Kingdom. He's a high elf, he was supposed to be the next in line to inherited the Elf King's sword but, since (main character) wields it now, Leaph was left with complete hatred in the human race as an entirety. He is very strong; strong enough for the Head Elder to call Leaph the right hand of the Elf Kingdom. He is also the fiance to (Elf Princess).
General Sera: She is the Head General of the Beastmen. She's a Nine-Tailed Fox. She's known to be strong enough to rival the Beastmen King. She's also known to be a dangerously strong and strategic general. She's also a very rare species of demi-human, Nine-Tailed Foxes are born every 13 decades and require a special ritual to be born.
Lord Dasmadas: He is the Ruler of Dragons. He's a very strong and capable wizard, he taught King Zellious the arts of magic, he also created the school of magic in the (empire name) Empire. He hates every race besides humans. He's able to tame and control dragons no matter their size or nobility. He is feared by many as the only person in existence to successfully tame and control the Catastrophe Dragon, however this only a myth. 
Queen Ariel: She is the Queen of Fairies. She's a rare species of fairy; queen fairy. Queen Fairies are known to hold a dangerous amount of mana, they are well vested in botany magic and healing magic. Queen fairies are born 1 out of 300 thousand fairies, and the likelyhood of them being born flightless are 1 out 3 queen fairies.

Important Terms
The Great Migrate- When the humans rebelled against Elven rule over them, a war broke out. A war between humans and elfs, due to the elf's massive magical advantage the humans lost the war. After a young man named Zellious lead the all the humans that had escaped the Elf Kingdom
Prelude
A human was summoned into the Elf Kingdom by a group high elves. They summoned him to enslave him as they do to many humans. When he awakens he was greeted by a strange presence, like "it" was speaking to him. Then, suddenly the sword on the wall just disappeared. All the elves in the room look at the human in complete awe and disgust. They couldn't believe their eyes. Somehow the sword fused itself with the human's mana, which was unthinkable; for one, he was a summon, which are humans that are slighty below average from another world. So it's unimaginable for a human to have mana, or even mana strong enough to fuse with a magical weapon. This weapon was the national artifact of the Elf Kingdom, it was the sword wielded by the first Elf King; who was one of the Five Great Kings that created the world 4000 years ago. However, the sword has had many other wielders throughout the years, all were elven knights appointed by the Head Elder of the Elves. The human looked upon the elves in confusion and frustration, he wondered why they were looking at him like that. Why do they look so disgusted? He couldn't understand their language, so he had no clue what they were saying. Usually, summons aren't taught the langauge when summoned. The elves do this because they believe the thing that humans fear the most, is the unknown. The elves muttered to themselves on what to do. They pondered on killing him or keeping him as a slave. The human stands up and looks around. He turns back to the elves to see them acting antagonist towards him, one had an giant bow in their hands, drawn. The other had a long wooden staff, wielded. The human, off instinct was ready to defend himself, then out of nowhere the sword appeared in his hand. 